
Commercial Operation Awards :
Code access has to be updated in TFS.
we have database access for DEV. 
Action to be taken:
Need Latest code from client.
PROD access has to be given by Client.

eAbbvie:
Action to be taken:
Need access for the folder for Devaraj, Prabhu, Vijaykumar & Gomathi:  \\wa02037p\e-AbbVie\Text_Files
Database access has to be provided by client.

GitHub:
Action to be taken:
Devaraj, Prabhu, Vijaykumar & Gomathi - Have to send Github User account name, 
Email ID provided to create this account and IP address to Balaji to get access from Steve.

PPD US Internal Websites:
Action to be taken:
MKS has to be installed in Virtual Machine by raising SNOW ticket. All users.
Virtual Machine - for all users
A-Dash Account - Ticket has to be raised with the link :
https://idm.abbvienet.com/identity   

Duopa DuoConnect:
Our DL has to be updated with "Duopa_IT_Support@abbvie.com"
UBC access has to be given for Devaraj, Prabhu, Vijaykumar & Gomathi.


RxAbbvie:
Need production server path access for all team members. We need to contact HP Middleware Team.

PPD Field Personnel Roster:
All details like code access has to be provided by client/Balaji.


HCPro, CCD, AE Reporting Tool, Humira Ecosystem, REMY portal & Brand API:
Karthik needs to confirm whom to have production access.
Need TFS access for team members except Karthik, Vijay & Dhilip.
A-Dash account is mandatory.


Compass, ePASS:
Training has to be completed by Devaraj, Prabhu, Vijaykumar & Gomathi.
Telescope Admin (Staging & TRN) access has to be provided to rest of the team.
North plains - JIRA access has to be raised for Devaraj, Prabhu, Vijaykumar & Gomathi.
A-Dash access has to be provided.
Prod link access has to be provided to all team members.


PIP, DUOPA, SAMI Home, PROTool:
Code access has to be provided for Prabhu. 
Production related access has to be checked with Mahesh(Balaji)
Need production DB access for all the appplications.
SAMI Home admin access has to be provided for QA and PROD.


OPENDOOR:
Code access has to be provided for Prabhu. 
Production related access has to be checked with Mahesh(Balaji)